Hi, my name is kavya vishwakumar, 

I bring over 13 years of experience in software verification and validation, primarily in the healthcare industry, throughout my career, as a QA profile
I completed my masters in 2012, i joined Philips for internship. since than till now i am associated with Philips. Philips is my first company.

Roles and responsibilities:

Currently i work as QA Lead profile.
I manage a team of 11 people which includes QA associates, SME's.
I am responsible to ensure the quality, defining the roadmap for verification and validation, designing the test strategy, implementing risk-based testing approaches like FMEA, 
         collaborating with cross-functional teams, aligning with business objectives, maintaining release deliverables and release timelines.
I’ve led multiple end-to-end verification cycles, focusing on functional, regression, load testing, performance testing etc.
I am working in Agile methodology and V-model life cycles, and have hands-on experience with tools TFS, Windchill.
Apart from the standard verification, validation and lead activities, I am also involved in ensuring that our QA processes strictly adhere to all mandated regulatory standards.

My career started from manual testing, API testing, infrastructure, project lead activities,  and resource management, AWS cloud operations etc.

I’m passionate about quality and process improvement, and I look forward to applying my skills in a challenging and impactful role at your organization.



AVW project:
The Advanced Visualization Workspace product.It's a Class 2 medical device
This is a Enterprise level Radiology Information System.It is intended to View post processing DICOM images from different modalities. 
It is used for Diagnostic information for the Physicians. It has 2D, 3D viewing, performance measurements.
It integrates with Modalities and supports multiple users. Each application has distinct uses. Clinical Depth of AVW15 slide supporting various ologies. Any DICOM modality 



